In this folder you find scripts to prepare data for later use in the app

# Dependencies
- sqlite3
- node-sqlite

# Android
This app contains the skeleton to build the android app.

# Scripts
## sqlite2gojson
The script converts wigle wifi sqlite database to different flavours of geojson. Wigle has two different tables: network and location. 

In the table network you find one row for a single access point. The coordinates represent the best observation regarding the best measured signal strength. 

In the table location you find many rows for a single access points. Every row represents an observation. Each observation has a different signal strength. This can be used to make a better guess of the true location of the access point.

### PasingWlan_BestLatLon.geojson
This file is basically the conversion from network table to a geojson file. It contains the point coordinates for the best observation (signal strength) for an access point

### PasingWlan_Centroid.geojson
This file creates calculated coordinates for the location of an access point. The base for the calculation are 1..n observations of access points which are processed via an "weighted centroid" algorithm. The output is a geojson file similar to the above.

### PasingWlan_DifVector.geojson
This file includes vectors for the coordinates from BestLatLon to Centroid. This is mainly for debugging the weighted centroid calculation.

## github.sh
Branches the dist folder generated by grunt build to the gh-pages branch. This activates the usage of Github Pages.